vege source
for you to say to me can I just fight my
own battles [ __ ] you happy health vegan
you're faking everything that was good
about your channel stops you in and
everything that was bad about your
channel became worse divorce when yeadon
Randa are in Los Angeles sitting in the
waiting room next to the other young
women who were trying for that same part
you think they stand out as especially
good looking no they're not good looking
period the only thing that's corrosive
is your channel feet up and I mean I'm
doing really good yeah I know you think
that no I don't cheetah I think you're a
sack of [ __ ] alright can you hear me I
want to give it to you raw whether it's
my daughter watching this and it comes
to the children Wutang is for the
children we teach the children I do not
want my daughter to grow up without
knowing how to swear you completely
misrepresented what my video is
available it's thesis its point its
content and what I'm saying and why I'm
saying and did you do that simply over
the confidence simply a pity portly
perhaps they're still up nope no there's
always been a difference really during
rider in the Thai food festival it was
all fun and games but then you're
playing dumb you're playing dumb and you
know you are it happened to be somebody
that you were doing having look chita
chita chita stop and keep it real
cheetah I don't do fiction cheetah
cheetah I only do nonfiction cheetah
cheetah stop stop stop stop cheetah I
only do nonfiction she'd if you're not
gonna keep it real we're not gonna talk
you know vegans don't eat meat they
don't drink milk they refuse to eat
honey but uh
we bave like a bunch of cannibals out
here huh we're all trying to eat our own
we're all trying to devour one another
everyone's seen it and all kinds of
people come up with different theories
different little psychological sketches
for why it is that vegans treat one
another with such cruelty why it is that
we seem to eat our own